alright boys let's see how did you get
that from the I love Rachel pizzeria you
still on that come on what was with that
old Black Bart speech when I play poker
I'm not a nice guy you're way off though
I don't think so see Ross because I
think you love her no see her mind if
had feelings for her at one time not
anymore
I just I Marcel what are you going with
that disk you are not putting that on
again
Marcel okay if you press that button you
are in very very big trouble
we believe what a jerk
Ross was being yeah I know I can get
really competitive ha what oh hello
kettle this is Monica you're black
laughs not as bad as Ross oh I beg to
differ
the pictionary incident that was not an
incident I was gesturing and the plate
slipped out of my hand okay look that is
aunt iris this woman has been playing
poker since she was five you gotta
listen to every word she said hi is Tony
Randall dead I don't think so
well he may be now because I think I hit
him with my car no that's bluffing
lesson number one
can you something everything you care at
a poker game is pure crap I fearing
Thank You girls
sit down um aunt iris this is Phoebe and
the day yeah yeah yeah listen I am
parked at a meter let's do it let's play
poker
all right now listen you guys we talked
about it and if you don't want to play
we'd completely understand oh yes
yes we could play some other game like I
don't know pictionary very funny very
funny
but I think we'd like to give folk
another try shall we ladies I guess I
think you should but reg do you want me
to shuffle those no no that's okay you
know I think I'm gonna give it a go all
right so beans owes 750 Monica yo $10
and Rachel you owe 15 big ones and hey
thanks for teaching us cross-eyed Mary
you guys we got a plane in it all right
here's my 750 but I think you should
know that this money is cursed
what oh hi Kristin some bad things will
happen to he who spends it that's all
right I'll take it bad things happen to
me anyway I swear I can break him up
with a movie so that just leaves the big
green poker machine who owes 15
oh it's so typical oh I'm a man oh I
have a penis oh I have to win money to
exert my power over women
you know what this is not over we will
play you again and we will win and you
will lose and you will beg and we laugh
and we will take every last dime you
have and you will hate yourself forever
hmm kind of stepped on my point there MA
so you gals want to handle your money
now that way we don't have to go through
the formality of actually playing oh
that's fine we'll see who has the last
left there monkey boy
okay we done with the chitchat are we
ready to play some serious poker yeah
you guys look the one-eyed Jack follows
me wherever I go
right okay serious poker excuse me where
are you going to the bathroom do you
want to go to the bathroom or do you
want to play poker I want to go to the
bath all right well I'm gonna order a
pizza I'm still waiting here from their
job and the store closes at 9:00 so you
can eat there that's fine just have a
tic-tac pull me over all right
Cincinnati no blind everybody Annie yes
or no